all right guys so the first thing I do
when I get home is get out of my car of
course and then I will just head inside
I personally like to go straight up to
my room to set all my stuff down and get
changed then I like to get changed out
of my uncomfortable uniform and get into
some comfortable clothes so today I just
want some adidas joggers and a t-shirt
then what I've been doing recently is
actually go straight to my phone instead
of doing my homework first which I used
to do and now I just like to kind of
relax for a minute so I just went on
Instagram and if you're not following me
my Instagram is Reilly underscore real
so I'll check my insights on Instagram
and then I'll go to YouTube studio and
look at my watch time
once I'm about finished doing that I
will just turn on my lights and start
putting my room up a little bit to make
it easier to work in that space about
this time I am feeling pretty hungry so
I'll head downstairs to make some food
today I chose to make avocado toast
which I have been loving recently so I
just took some bread and put it in the
toaster and then got out an avocado
I just meshed the avocado up with a fork
and then put that on some toasted bread
like to top it with some red pepper
seeds
[Music]
I also decided to make some eggs so I
just scrambled some eggs with some
grapes and I also made a blueberry
smoothie so on my house what usually
happens is I get interrupted while doing
something so my brother actually needed
me to help him cut his hair
things like this happen all the time my
house we just get asked to do random
things right in the middle of doing
something but I guess it just comes
along if having a large family
all right so then I headed back to the
kitchen and just finished my
after-school snack
alright guys so this is about the time
that I will get started on homework so
today I had more homework than math but
I just chose to show you you're working
on math and I'm in precalculus this year
which is decently hard math isn't my
hardest subject it's usually the
sciences that are my least favorite so
I'll usually just try to get my homework
done all at once so I can be done with
it for the day
once I'm finished with homework I
usually like to edit a video or some
pictures
[Music]
once I've done that for a while I will
go downstairs and my fellas eating
dinner but I already had to have a cut
or two so I just spent some time with
them and I feel like in most my routines
I don't see youtubers show their
families I'm spending time with them but
my family is definitely a big part of my
evening so it's just a couple of clips
of some things that we're going on and
there's reed Izzy trying to remember a
dance
all right and then we were just
performing a song that we were planning
on seeing for a choir performance the
next day and it just was going very
funny he's my younger brother but you've
probably seen in some light past videos
he's definitely character and then
usually we will have our scripture study
as a family once that is finished
I liked head upstairs and take a shower
so I did that I'm putting on my cure
ology
[Music]
I guess I'll just plug in my devices and
then I will get out for my journal and I
have Gerald every day for over a year
it's something that I love doing and if
you've wanted to get started journaling
a tip that I have for you is to write a
journal entry and then at the end of
your journal entry write the date for
the next day and this will help you if
you've have forgotten if you skipped a
day then you'll be able to remember that
day and write down things for that and
that can just help build your habit of
journaling once I'm finished with that I
like to grab my phone and I will just
read my scriptures or listen to my
scriptures once I'm finished there I
will make sure my alarm is set for the
next day so I wake up at 5:25 every
morning for seminary which is a
scripture study class spec for school so
I need to make sure that that alarm is
set next I'll usually just go on my
phone maybe watch a show or something
until about probably about 11 o'clock
and then go to sleep thank you guys so
much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed that video if you did do not
forget to give it a thumbs up and click
the subscribe button if you haven't
already I would love to see you in my
next video
yeah also I have been trying really hard
on my Instagram recently so if you've
checked it out but didn't follow me you
might want to now because my feet is
looking a lot better I've kind of
figured out what my plan is for that so
if you'd like to do that I'll have that
link down below as well thank you once
again for watching and I'll see you next
week bye